Akka 2.6.12 (#777)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2021-01-28-akka-2.6.12-released.md

---
layout: post
title: Akka 2.6.12 Released
author: Christopher Batey 
short: We are pleased to announce the 2.6.12 patch release of Akka 2.6
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

> We are pleased to announce a new patch release of Akka 2.6. This release is to fix a [memory leak in streams](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/29966)

Reviewer: Can we be more specific about what kinds of streams are affected, or is that not so easy to summarize in a few words?

Reviewer 2: "a memory leak affecting streams creating many nested streams with flat map concat or merge"?

> We are pleased to announce a new patch release of Akka 2.6. This release is to fix a [memory leak in streams](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/29966)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are pleased to announce a new patch release of Akka 2.6. This release is to fix a [memory leak affecting streams creating many nested streams with flat map concat or merge](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/29966)
```
